Erictr/inkv2 (#195)
BonsaiAI/bonsaiai.github.io: source/includes/inkling2-reference/_concepts.html.md

# Concepts

> The `concept` keyword declares an abstract concept that is to be learned by the system. It can be a feature (such as a curvy line in an image) or a goal (such as high score in a game). Ultimately, a concept takes the form of a data transform. By declaring a concept, you are instructing the AI Engine that this is a node in the concept graph that must be learned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `concept` keyword declares an abstract concept that is to be learned by the system. It can be a feature (such as a curvy line in an image) or a goal (such as high score in a game). Ultimately, a concept represents a function from input to output. By declaring a concept, you are instructing the AI Engine that this is a node in the concept graph that must be learned.
```

Once we have non-learned concepts, we'll need to update the last sentence here...

```inkling2--code
concept AbstractConceptName(Antecedent1, Antecedent2): OutputType {
  # Curriculum omitted
}
```

Because concepts are learned, their declarations tend to be fairly simple. The typical components of a concept statement are shown in the accompanying panel. 

> Concept Syntax

```inkling2--syntax
conceptDeclaration :=

> concept <conceptName> '(' inputList ')' ':' outputType '{'

Reviewer 2: Is inputList meant to be inputItemList?

  curriculumClause
'}'

inputItemList ::=
  [inputItem] | [inputItem ',' inputItemList]

inputItem ::=
  input | <conceptName>  # name of a concept or input

outputType ::= typeReference
```

The inputItemList specifies the concept's inputs. Cycles in the graph are not allowed.

The outputType specifies the concept's output [type][1].

### Usage

The concept statement specifies input sources and an output type. Input sources
are provided in the input list. 

```inkling2--code
concept bar (input): Move {
  # Curriculum omitted
}

concept foo (bar): Action {
  # Curriculum omitted
}
```

Inputs can be the output of other concepts or the `input` data stream. The `input` stream
is the original input to the concept graph.

Input types do not need to be specified because their types are provided in the graph statement (in the case of `input`) or via the concept type (in the case of other concepts). 

### Examples

We show Inkling for the concepts GetHighScore, Digit, Curvature, and Segments.

**GetHighScore**

```inkling2--code
concept GetHighScore(input): PlayerMove {
  # Curriculum omitted
}
```

* `conceptName`: GetHighScore
* `inputItemList`: `input`
* `outputType`: PlayerMove

> **Digit**

Reviewer: let's delete the Digit, curvature, and Segments MNIST concepts here -- they'll just confuse users since we don't support training feature concepts today. If you want, add another control concept exaomple, e.g. from cartpole.
